[documentation]: Review the Triggers chapter (#65)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/advanced/triggers.md

}
```

#### `Action.technical_account`

A technical account is the account that would (in theory) be responsible
for the execution environment and be the authority for `Instruction`
execution.

For now, you can leave this to be the account that registered the trigger.

> If you followed the tutorial, this is `alice@wonderland`. However, later on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have been following the tutorial, this is `alice@wonderland`. However, later on
```

trigger depends on which `EventFilter` was used.

The reason why we chose this architecture is simple; front end code has an
abundance of event filters, and so, your knowledge of filters is
transferable to writing smart contracts.

## How Triggers Work

We shall cover the following basic types of triggers and provide you with
the detailed information on how to use each of them:

- Event triggers
- Timed triggers
- Pre-commit triggers
- By-call triggers
- Block-based triggers

::: info

Both this tutorial and triggers themselves are under construction; some
triggers don't exist yet, while the API of others will change drastically
in the following release. We shall do our best to describe all of what we
can, with as much detail as we can, and clearly signpost which parts of
this tutorial will be made obsolete in the next release.

<!-- Check -->

:::

### Event Triggers

As we have said previously, all triggers are, in a sense, event triggers.
However, this category includes the largest variety of triggers: an account
got registered, an asset got transferred, the Queen of Hearts decided to
burn all of her assets.

These types of events account for the vast majority of triggers in

> Ethereum, and were the first to be implemented. As of today we only support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ethereum, and were the first to be implemented. As of today, we only support
```
